README.md, before:

# consumer_track_test
Technical Test for employment at ConsumerTrack
What is this?

Design Decisions

Assumptions / Shortcuts:
- No Cloudwatch alarms are set
- No Scaling functionality 
- Did not create a separate VPC, instead using default
- Security groups on port 80 are open to the world, this would need to be adjusted
- Simple tagging with only name 
- Using userdata to create index file instead of puppet or other configuration management system


# Prerequisites
- Need to have Terraform
- Need to have unzip utility 
- Need to have AWS CLI configured 
- Need to have an AWS account with AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY 
- Need to have proper AWS access to create resources 
- Ubuntu server to run test

Example:

On a clean EC2 instance
 
wget https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/0.11.7/terraform_0.11.7_linux_amd64.zip
sudo apt-get install unzip
unzip terraform_0.11.7_linux_amd64.zip
sudo cp terraform /usr/local/bin/

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt install python-pip
sudo pip install awscli --upgrade --user
sudo pip install --upgrade pip

Update AWS configuration with AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
aws configure

# Install 

On Ubuntu server:
git clone https://github.com/vkoestline/consumer_track_test.git consumer_track_test

# Execute

Run 'terraform apply -auto-approve' to create infrastructure

Commit message:

Updated Readme with product description

README.md, after:

# consumer_track_test
### Technical Assessment for ConsumerTrack
Technical Test for employment at ConsumerTrack
What is this?

# Product Description

Purpose:​ To demonstrate you have a working knowledge AWS and can present a final product
with clear documentation and instructions for use.

Expected​ ​Result:​ A user should be able to visit the URL of an Elastic Load Balancer, and it
should return some details about the instance behind the load balancer. As the user refreshes
the ELB URL, the load balancer should send the user to another instance in a different
Availability Zone, the instance details should be presented to the browser.

Details:
Using whatever tools you like please create the following:

Elastic Load Balancer, Launch Configuration, Auto Scaling Group (Minimum of 3 instances in a minimum of 3 Availability Zones), and scripts to:

1. Install Nginx
2. Create an index.html file in the Nginx webroot that contains Instance ID, Instance Type, Private IP address of the instance, Availability zone the instance is in, and AMI ID.

You will also need to create security groups and other supporting resources to allow
connectivity. The rules of the security group and other supporting resources will not be
evaluated as part of this assessment, only required to allow connectivity.

# Design Decisions

Assumptions / Shortcuts:
- No Cloudwatch alarms are set
- No Scaling functionality 
- Did not create a separate VPC, instead using default
- Security groups on port 80 are open to the world, this would need to be adjusted
- Simple tagging with only name 
- Using userdata to create index file instead of puppet or other configuration management system


# Prerequisites
- Need to have Terraform
- Need to have unzip utility 
- Need to have AWS CLI configured 
- Need to have an AWS account with AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY 
- Need to have proper AWS access to create resources 
- Ubuntu server to run test

Example:

On a clean EC2 instance
 
wget https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/0.11.7/terraform_0.11.7_linux_amd64.zip
sudo apt-get install unzip
unzip terraform_0.11.7_linux_amd64.zip
sudo cp terraform /usr/local/bin/

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt install python-pip
sudo pip install awscli --upgrade --user
sudo pip install --upgrade pip

Update AWS configuration with AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
aws configure

# Install 

On Ubuntu server:
git clone https://github.com/vkoestline/consumer_track_test.git consumer_track_test

# Execute

Run 'terraform apply -auto-approve' to create infrastructure
